Add `Deploy Your First Integration` quick start page (#7)
wso2/docs-devant: en/docs/quick-start-guides/deploy-your-first-integration-as-api.md

        Once the process is complete, a window reload is required, and you will be prompted with the following message:

        <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/deploy-your-first-integration/reload-window.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/deploy-your-first-integration/reload-window.png" alt="Reload Window" width="80%"></a>

    2. Click **Reload Window**.

2\. The Micro Integrator extension will automatically direct you to the **Create API** page.

3\. Enter `HelloWorldAPI` as the API **Name**. The system automatically populates the API **Context** field with the same value.

<img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/deploy-your-first-integration/new-api.png" alt="Create New API" width="80%" style="padding-left: 20px;">

4\. Click **Create**.

Once you create the API, a default resource is automatically generated. You can see this default resource listed in the **Service Designer** under **Available resources**. You'll use this resource in this tutorial.

> ## Step 3 - Design the integration

Reviewer: remove this

> 
> ## Step 3 - Design the integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Step 7: Push to Devant <!-- Todo Update this if this is supported by the Ballerina Integrator extension itself -->
1. Click **Source Control** icon on the sidebar.
2. Click **+** to stage all the changes.
3. Add an appropriate commit message and commit.
4. Click **Sync Changes** to push the changes to remote.

## Step 8: Test the API
1. After you push, Devant detects the commit, builds it, and deploys the integration to the development environment, showing the status on the overview page.

    !!! note
        The build process may take some time. Once complete, the build status changes to **Success**. You can see the Build History by clicking **Build** in the left navigation.

2. Once the **Build Status** shows as `Build completed`, click **Test** on the development environment card. This will bring you to the **Console** page.
3. Click **Get Test Key** to get a key for testing.
4. You will have a single resource available **GET /**. Click to expand the resource.
5. Click **Try it out**.
6. Click **Execute**. You will see the response from the backend service as `{"message": "Hello World!!!"}`.

> [//]: # (    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/deploy-your-first-integration/test-api-response.gif"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/deploy-your-first-integration/test-api-response.gif" alt="Test API Response" width="80%"></a>  <!-- Todo Update this gif with the real one after choreo supports MI 4.4.0 -->)

Reviewer: Is the actul one. Chroeo supports 4.4.0

# Deploy Your First Integration as API

## Overview

In this guide, you will:

- Create a simple Integration as an API that calls a backend service and returns its response to the client. 

> - The backend service responds with a JSON with a key `message` and the value `Hello World!!!`, and the API deployed in Devant forwards this response to the client.

Reviewer: Need to rephrase this. From this I feel like only the API proxy is on devant

> - The backend service responds with a JSON with a key `message` and the value `Hello World!!!`, and the API deployed in Devant forwards this response to the client.

Reviewer: Need to rephrase this. From this I feel like only the API proxy is on devant

- Use WSO2 Micro Integrator (MI) to develop the API.

> - Push the integration to Devant, which automatically builds and deploys the integration to the development environment.

Reviewer: You don't need specifically say 'build' here

- Test the integration.

## Prerequisites

1. GitHub account: [Create a GitHub account](https://github.com/signup) if you don't have one already.
2. If you're signing in to the Devant for the first time, create an organization:

>     1. Go to [https://console.devant.dev/](https://console.devant.dev/) and sign in using your Google, GitHub, or Microsoft account.

Reviewer: Don't say just  Google, GitHub, or Microsoft. Phrase it as generic. eg:use your preferred signup option

    2. Enter a unique organization name. For example, `Stark Industries`.

>     3. Read and accept the privacy policy and terms of use and Click **Create**.

Reviewer: Need to mention about the region selection

3. VSCode: [Install VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) if you don't have it installed already.

## Step 1: Attach a Git repository

> 1. Go to [https://console.devant.dev/](https://console.devant.dev/) and sign in. This opens the organization overview page and lists the projects.

Reviewer: let's use `https://console.devant.dev/new` url. This will land on the integration creation page without needing to select the project

Author: I don't think we should do that since selecting or creating a project is part of the flow. We should not hide it

Reviewer: it's devant's design. we create a project by default for the user and land there. hence, this aligns with that approach

Click the **Build and Run** icon located in the top right corner of VSCode.

<a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/deploy-your-first-integration/build-and-run-project.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/deploy-your-first-integration/build-and-run-project.png" alt="Build and run" width="80%"></a>

## Step 5 - Test the integration service locally

Now, let's test the integration service. For that, you can use the inbuilt try-it functionality in the MI for the VSCode extension.

When you run the integration artifact as in [Step 4](#step-4-run-the-integration-artifacts), the **Runtime Services** interface opens. You can see all the available services.

Select `HelloWorldAPI`, which you have developed, and test the resource.

<a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/deploy-your-first-integration/test-api.gif"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/deploy-your-first-integration/test-api.gif" alt="Test API" width="80%"></a>
    
!!! note
    For more information, refer to [Micro Integrator Documentation](https://mi.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/).

> ## Step 6: Push to Devant <!-- Todo Update this if this is supported by the Ballerina Integrator extension itself -->

Reviewer: Can you create a issue for this. Hopefully this will be fixed with tonight's release

Author: We already have issue to address Todos in this doc

1. Click **Source Control** icon on the sidebar.
2. Click **+** to stage all the changes.
3. Add an appropriate commit message and commit.
4. Click **Sync Changes** to push the changes to remote.

## Step 7: Test the API

> 1. Once you push the changes, the overview page of the Devant integration will automatically refresh and show you the **Latest Commit** and automatically build and deploy your integration showing the **Build Status**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you push, Devant picks up the commit and builds, displaying the status on the overview page
```

    !!! note
        The build process may take some time. Once complete, the build status changes to **Success**. You can see the Build History by clicking **Build** in the left navigation.

2. Once the **Build Status** shows as `Build completed`, click **Test** in the left navigation.

> 3. Click **Console** on the **Test** dropdown. The console page lists all the available resources.

Reviewer: Let's ask to use the 'Test' button in the env card

4. Click **Get Test Key** to get a key for testing.
5. You will have a single resource available **GET /**. Click to expand the resource.
6. Click **Try it out**.
7. Click **Execute**. You will see the response from the backend service as `{"message": "Hello World!!!"}`.

>     <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/deploy-your-first-integration/test-api-response.gif"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/deploy-your-first-integration/test-api-response.gif" alt="Test API Response" width="80%"></a>  <!-- Todo Update this gif with the real one after choreo supports MI 4.4.0 -->

Reviewer: Choreo supports 4.4.0 now
